Solutions Engineer [Multiple Positions Available]- job post
JPMorganChase
3.9
3.9 out of 5 stars
575 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310
$161,000 - $185,000 a year - Full-time
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

$161,000 - $185,000 a year
Job type

Full-time
&nbsp;
Location
Estimated commute
Job address
575 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

Tuition reimbursement
Health insurance
Retirement plan
&nbsp;
Full job description
JOB DESCRIPTION


DESCRIPTION:

Duties: Review and assess disposition findings to ensure accurate handling. Perform investigations into findings, gather data, analyze root causes, and document outcomes. Propose, design, and develop Proof of Concepts, and execute solutions to address identified issues. Communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders, senior leaders, and others to clarify findings, share investigation results, and coordinate solution implementation. Apply investigative processes and analysis techniques. Ensure all findings, investigations, and solutions are documented in accordance with team standards and regulatory requirements. Identify and implement enhancements to processes, driving efficiency, effectiveness, and automation. Generate investigation level metrics tracking outputs and remediation progress. Identify and escalate findings to the Regional Leads for guidance and resolution. Adapt to regional team priorities, such as focusing on longer- term investigations or dispositioning, as directed by the Regional Lead.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum education and experience required: Master's degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Information Technology, or related field of study plus 1 year of experience in the job offered or as Security Operations Center Analyst, Cyber Security SME, Cyber Security Consultant, or related occupation. The employer will alternatively accept a Bachelor's degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Information Technology, or related field of study plus 3 years of experience in the job offered or as Security Operations Center Analyst, Cyber Security SME, Cyber Security Consultant, or related occupation.

Skills Required: This position requires 1 year of experience with the following: Identifying and utilizing appropriate data sources to conduct data-driven investigations, including SIEM data, security findings information, and security datasets to aid in investigations; Performing tasks in offensive or defensive cybersecurity roles and processes, including Incident Response, Threat Intelligence, Penetration Testing, Red Teaming, Risk Management, Cyber Engineering, Cyber Architecture, and Data Privacy; Using tools including SIEM, security scanning tools, and sensitive security sources to help remediate and address risks; Applying network architecture concepts, including the management of traditional Microsoft Windows infrastructure, Linux infrastructure, and multi-cloud environments, to aid in risk remediation with control and environment owners; Identifying weaknesses and implementing potential remediation actions in enterprise-level security technologies, including firewalls, IDS/IPS, web proxies, DLP, SIEM, and SOAR; Building analytical processes, defining templates, and internal documentation.

Job Location: 575 Washington Blvd, Jersey City, NJ, 07310.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process. In addition, please visit: https://careers.jpmorgan.com/us/en/aboutus.

Full-Time. Salary: $161,000 - $185,000 per year.

ABOUT US


JPMorganChase, one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set and location. Those in eligible roles may receive commission-based pay and/or discretionary incentive compensation, paid in the form of cash and/or forfeitable equity, awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Veterans




ABOUT THE TEAM

Our professionals in our Corporate Functions cover a diverse range of areas from finance and risk to human resources and marketing. Our corporate teams are an essential part of our company, ensuring that we're setting our businesses, clients, customers and employees up for